W-16740810: LDAP 3.6 - Fail on unsecure connections when it runs on F… (#2700)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: ldap/3.6/modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

Many LDAP servers are included in free-use open source projects and packages. The particulars of installing, running, and configuring LDAP servers fall outside the scope of this document.

For information about compatibility and fixed issues, see the LDAP Connector Release Notes.

[[prerequisites]]
== Before You Begin

To use this connector, you must be familiar with:

* The LDAP Connector’s API
* Anypoint Connectors
* Mule runtime engine (Mule)
* Elements and global elements in a Mule flow
* How to create a Mule app using Anypoint Studio

Before creating an app, you must have:

* Credentials to access an OpenLDAP instance that supports LDAP v3
* Anypoint Platform
* Anypoint Studio version 7.0 or later

== Common Use Cases For the Connector

Common use cases for LDAP Connector include:

* Adding user accounts to Active Directory
+
You can add business users to Active Directory groups defined on the base distinguished name (DN).
+
* Retrieving user attributes
+
You can retrieve the basic attributes of a business user such as a user's e-mail or phone number.

== Connection Types

LDAP connector supports three types of connections:

* Basic
+
Communications are not encrypted.
+

> *Note:* If running in an instance configured with mule.security.model=fips140-2, attempting to use a Basic connection will result in an LDAP:SECURITY error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: If LDAP Connector runs in an instance configured with `mule.security.model=fips140-2`, attempting to use a Basic Configuration Type connection returns the `LDAP:SECURITY` error.
```
